Game screen is completely white....

"Aaah, I'm coming now! I'll just be a ssssecond",
" ... ",
" ... ",
Snake appears,
"Oh 'ello, I haven't seen you around here before. I'm Monty and I'm going to introduce you to Pyland. I'm the 4th wall breaking snake so I can help you in ways some of the lesser able inhabitants here can't.",
"Oh, how rude of me, I almost forgot I don't even know your name! You're going to have to tell me your name through the text-editor, it's a bit of a boring name I know, but I didn't pick it the designers of this game did!",
"So you see the big white box below me? That is just what you'll need. Give it a click and replace 'YourName' with, well, your name of course!.",
read-in what is printed to get name.
"Well hello %player_name%, you are called %player_name% right?", //at this point insert ssss'es into playerssss name (maybe have a method called snakify :P)
yesss/no optionssss given, if yessss is presssssed, repeat from earlier step,
elssse continue.
"Brilliant %player_name%, you have jusssst written a program! That is abssssolutey
ssssspifing! You are well onto your way to becoming a massster like me! ",
"Now you see the little white box next to the text-box you just wrote your program
in? That is called the console-output, and everything you 'print' will be shown
in there! It will be a really helpful tool as you progress throughout Pyland!",
"And now for something completely different,
why don't you try telling your hair-colour using 'print' in the same way
you told me your name? As I am a program myself (this is a game after all),
I can only understand the following options: %hair_color_options%",
read-in hair-colour
if hair-colour isn't valid try again...
if hair-colour is valid, give unique response to each
color,
"Now that 'print' thing you have been using, is something that we programmers
call a function. The piece of text you have it in quotes is called a 'string',
don't ask me why, but someone at some point came up with the bright idea of calling
any kind of text you handle in a program a string! In fact, programming can be silly,
like that in a lot of ways. You'll find words being used which mean one thing in English,
but mean something completely else in a programming language. Sometimes it makes sense,
but sometimes it really doesn't! When I was a young snakling, I used to get confused why
I was always typing 'print' when I wasn't using the printer at all! It's just something
you eventually have to get used to...",
"Anyway, instead of giving 'print' a string to show in the console-output, we will give
it an integer. An integer is simply a whole-number, 1, 7 and 3 are integers while
2/5, 3.14 and "twenty" are not."
Snake moves to the right a bit (Camera moving to the left?) And a numbered colour-pallette
appears.
"Ahh here we go, 'print' any of the numbers here to select your skin color from my
chart! You don't need quotation marks around the number either! "
If not integer, start again....
"Brilliant, now I just need to know one more thing and that is your gender! Instead
of using 'print' you are now going to be using a different function called 'set_gender',
you can type either set_gender("boy") or set_gender("girl"). "
Handle result...
"Well done %player_name%, you are now ready to get started in the world of pyland! You
probably won't see me for a while, enjoy!!!!!"
Save data and start first level.....

